whats up guys its gadget guru HD here
today I'm bringing your first
impressions of the i blason flexible TPU
case this is the frost colored version
it also comes in black blue green and
pink and it's 1295 on amazon and i'll
throw a link in the description be sure
to check out my other first impression
videos and stay tuned for a full review
so this is the regular version not the
smart cover compatible version as you
can see from the side there is no space
another thing that i just want to note
to you guys real quick the on amazon it
shows a cover with the back with an
apple logo which it doesn't have just
have i blason branding right there but i
like that it's just a clear and it'll
show off the back of the ipad and
there's not much carrier branding on
there not carry excuse me manufacturer
branding like other cases do have which
kind of takes me off on 8th plaster
their logo and name all over here here
here here here here but the on amazon it
shows an apple logo on the back i'm not
sure if that's what they thought the
ipad mini vac would look like and using
a frost case like this one it would see
through so it must just be an old
picture that they throw up there so they
could get a early purchases like mine
again this is a flexible TPU case by i
blason see flexible has a nice material
obviously just looking at it it is very
very thin very very thin there's not
much to say about its 1295 on amazon
comes in a bunch of other colors it has
all the slots for lightning dock
connector volume rockers rear facing
camera has everything else also like
that some cases not necessarily TPU
cases but they cover the
side and on the edges of the screen I
hate that I'll tell you that in advance
so when do in case review so I'll never
get anything that covers the screen any
folios a cover the screen so far looks
like a pretty nice case maybe not for
1295 but they do have another version of
the case that is compatible with the
smart cover if i'm not mistaken i think
the edges right here there's a spot
blank area right here that the smart
cover will be able to fit on and that's
only for 495 so even if you don't on the
smart cover and you don't mind not
having anything on the side right here
it'll save you seven bucks I don't think
that ships with prime though this does
with two day prime so I think
that's pretty much it again I've lace in
TPU case just look up ipad mini case and
go into the sub categories and hit i
blason find it there i am once i hit
about 300 subscribers and I get enough
cases to do giveaways i'll be doing a
maybe 10 day countdown I'll do one day
maybe give away this case next day
giveaway my other case I think it's a
type listen to nobler ex not hold on
no it is I believe said I'll give away
this case right here i have another i
have a first impression on that check
that out and then another day or give
away envelop case things like that
that's that looks bad so be sure to
check out my other video subscribe so
you will be notified when more videos
get posted and things like that thank
you for watching like subscribe and see
you next time gadget guru HD over now